Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
It's Diana and Brandon again, and we're blessed to be here.
We're excited you're here and that you clicked on our video.
We have some things we want to say that we feel the Lord has told us.
You know, there are a lot of people emailing Diana, and I don't know what the comment section's saying anymore.
Braden's been so busy at school.
I told him, 'Well, let's put all this fear to rest.
What's going on with the economy?
' Brandon, what do you see coming?
I told you, the Lord told me that we had a window.
Now, what I saw in church tonight will help you.
The Lord told me that the darkness and all the turbulence that was trying to come on—if Kamala Harris would have won—does it really have to do with politics?
Yes, because as the head of the nation goes, so all of it goes, like an umbrella over everybody.
You know how they say trash rolls downhill?
That's what happens.
And I believe by us bringing in Trump, it gave us a window of opportunity.
The Lord told me from October, when we started praying, that the prayers of the people delayed things.
It gave us a window.
Now, what are we experiencing right now?
Every day, the stock market goes way down because of the tariffs and the tariff war that I told you was coming.
We see all these things happening, and we never know.
You turn on the news and you don't know what tomorrow's going to bring.
You just never know when you go to bed at night if it's going to be up or down.
It's just like the Lord told us; He said there would be days of great shakeouts.
I took that as meaning there would be days that are very down.
He told me that you would see the elite people trying to cause the domino of the United States dollar to fall quickly.
They wanted to eliminate it.
I'm telling you, the globalists have another plan, and that is a one-world system.
Everybody's sending me emails also to Diana about this new guy calling himself the Antichrist, the Mahdi.
They're like, 'Brandon, is this who you saw?
' I believe it's just like what Jesus said: there will be many false Christs and many false people claiming they are the Messiah, that they are the new Mahdi.
I believe this is a representation of what Jesus told us was coming.
Do I believe it's this man?
No, I do not.
I believe he is a birthing pain.
I want you to hear me.
I believe this man that's claiming he is the Messiah, wearing all black and getting all this attention on the internet right now, is a birthing pain.
He is the beginning of many that will come out in the days ahead saying, 'I'm the man,' just like Hitler.
I don't know what kind of power this man will have, but I believe it's just another sign that we're in the last of the last days, folks.
The Pope died.
We have Klaus Schwab resigning all within the last week and a half.
Then we see the economy and all the stuff going on within the week prior with Trump and at the beginning of April with the tariff wars—I believe that was the third when all that went into play.
So, bottom line, this is where I'm at with it.
The Lord told me, 'Braden, I saw—this is what I saw.
' As I was praying over the economy and things tonight about this video, I said, 'Lord, where are we?
What are you wanting to say to the body right now?
' I saw a turbulent black cloud, like a very dark storm that was above our atmosphere on our horizon.
And as the body of Christ prayed, this window of time that the Lord is wanting to give us, I saw a parting of that time, a window.
And the Lord said, 'Brandon, I didn't say a door.
' He said, 'I want you to pay attention to what I say.
I did not say I was giving you a door; I said a window of opportunity.
' Now, a window is not that big; it's a small window.
In that window, I saw a beautiful green meadow for the body of Christ with daisy flowers coming up in it.
All the green grass was there.
And the Lord told me, 'I told you there would be days of great fun, Brandon.
' As the body of Christ, if we take authority over this time, what is trying to come right now is Braxton Hicks.
He said what you're seeing right now is Braxton Hicks, false labor pains.
All this is going on as false labor pains.
He wants to give us a window of opportunity for a great wealth transfer, for the wealth of the wicked laid up for the righteous, and for the harvest of souls.
A major revival is about to come on the scene.
How big is a window?
Well, I don't know, because I was asking, 'Lord, are you saying a year?
A month?
Two years?
' Instantaneously you're trying to make sense of what you're seeing in the spirit.
When He's talking about a window, He says, 'This isn't a door.
' And I'm like, 'Okay, so what is a door?
How long is a door?
Ten years?
Twenty years?
How big is a window for you, Lord?
' So, it's just praying into it and asking the Lord what He's trying to say right now.
I don't want to add to or take away from anything He's saying.
I see in part and I hear in part.
So, I see the Trump bulldozer storm still up here, but as we prayed, it parted and dissipated like how Moses split the Red Sea in the movie The Ten Commandments.
It gave them an opportunity to walk across.
I'm saying God is giving us a window.
As we see all these things with the stock market going up and down, the Lord told me, 'Brandon, Trump is a bulldozer.
' He's like the big watchdog, the big bulldog in the corner.
He's not used to losing.
He doesn't want to be a loser, and he doesn't want to be known as the president that took down the United States of America.
I don't want to say he's a man of great pride, but he is a man of great excellence.
That's probably a better word because I don't want to come across disrespectful, but he's successful.
People would say confidence is pride, but he has a lot of confidence.
He's not going to be a man that wants to go down saying, 'I was the wrecking ball of the United States currency and economy,' so everybody pins it on him that he was the loser instead of Joe Biden.
He's really trying to salvage a United States of America that is 36 trillion dollars in the hole.
How do you turn a Titanic?
Basically, it is a Titanic.
It's sinking, folks.
There are no ifs, ands, or buts about it; the ship is sinking and we just borrow and borrow.
It's like trying to live off credit cards.
You're the multi-billionaire that has lost their income and is basically ready to file bankruptcy, but you have all this stuff going on pretending you've still got it.
You keep charging everyone's credit cards and borrowing from the bank saying, 'Hey, do you remember who I was?
' That's who the United States is.
You've got 36 trillion in the hole.
The world's economy is shaking around you.
From China to Japan, all the stock markets reflect everything that's going on.
And everybody's like, "We should jump ship and go with the BRICS.
We should because they're trying to come up with a solution to the madness.
" And what's the solution to the madness?
The solution to the madness is a one-world order, a one-world currency, bringing forth a digital platform.
And as I watched videos about crypto and what's going on with laying a foundation—like I told you in February, we're laying a foundation, folks—they're bringing it out of the wild, wild west, and it will fall like stars.
All the things that I've warned you about, what the Lord said would come to pass, I believe they're working on it.
How long does that take?
I don't know.
But writing laws and getting things passed is like pulling teeth.
So, you've got a new head of the SEC who says, "I'm pro-crypto.
I want to do all these things.
" And we see these things trying to come to pass where they're trying to lay a foundation.
And they go, "Well, this is taking too long.
You said the stock market was going to do this to start.
" Folks, he hasn't been in office for like a hundred days or so.
So, we're expecting something that's been going down the same path for almost a hundred years to flip in just a couple days.
Well, I'm getting impatient.
You said a wealth transfer was coming.
Folks, we got to be patient.
I believe it's just hearing His voice.
Just like I warned you that a rocket ship was going to take off in January and that we would see a great rocket ship take off.
We saw Bitcoin hit all-time highs in January and XRP went from 40-some cents to like $3 and something.
That's a miracle in itself—something that had been stagnant for like seven years.
Since the lawsuit, the SEC, all the things that are happening, we see the ball rolling going toward the end times.
But people want it in a microwave.
Well, if I don't have it in the microwave, then I don't want one of those little slow cookers.
I don't like a slow cooker; I want a microwave.
And trust me, I do, too.
I want a microwave.
Everybody wants a microwave, but most people are not going to get that.
So, as we see these things happening, we need to know that God's saying, "I want to give you a window.
" And the economy in the natural—I believe we're still on course for a major 1930s-style crash.
A major crash.
That's what has to happen to introduce this other stuff.
Now, how do we get there?
I told you the plagues.
I've told you all these things.
But how big is this window that God's wanting to give us?
That's what we're praying over right now: that the wealth of the sinner would be laid up for the righteous.
Do I think we're in that timeframe right now for a great economic crisis?
No, I'm believing God that we're not.
I'm believing God we'll have a window just like He's telling me.
Stir me up in church tonight!
Believe Me for big.
Believe Me for more—more than enough.
Believe Me for exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think with the opportunity having Trump behind the wheel.
What will happen in this first year of his presidency going into the fall?
I'm telling you, I've seen into the fall and I'm telling you, the Lord spoke to me again and He said, "Days of great fun are upon you.
" And the people are coming in hot, folks.
Do we have our catchers' nets ready?
What's going to cause these people to come in and get excited about what's about to take place?
We're seeing a false antichrist come on the scene now.
This new guy, who is this?
I'm like, "Wow, isn't this amazing?
" You should be so excited right now, more, not fearful.
I mean, I understand if you're going horizontal and you're looking at everything right now, it could freak you out.
I'd be like, "Diana, if I didn't know the Lord right now, I'd be really starting to look and seek and go, 'Okay, I remember some of this stuff talked about at church or whatever.
'" Maybe if they went a little bit—maybe they're just totally ignorant—but they're still going to be looking.
What are they going to be getting whenever they come to church?
Are they going to get some dried-up lukewarm gospel that is not on fire, that you get in there and you go, "Oh, well that was really boring"?
No.
Judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
And I believe what we're seeing right now is a shaking of the church getting ready, because what we're seeing is judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
So we have to see the church getting cleaned up first before we get the new wine and the new wineskin, before we see the great shaking of the world.
The church has to be ready, filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost, so that when we are, we're not just like them.
We need to be ready before the big shaking comes.
So we're seeing traction, contractions.
We're seeing the contractions.
We're seeing the Braxton Hicks.
We're seeing false labor pains.
We're seeing those things with the economy; it's happening right before our face.
What are you doing to prepare?
And the Lord said, "In seasons of dryness," He brought this up.
He said, "The taproot goes even deeper looking for water.
" It goes deeper looking for water.
Do not become complacent in these times ahead.
The Lord told me—He spoke that to me directly.
He said, "Do not become complacent when I take you to certain levels with finances with what I've told you.
Do not become complacent with it," because that's what people have a tendency to do.
He told me, He said, "Just like how you do every single day, praying for eBay auctions to sell, praying for what I've given you to sell, going in and seeking Me because you're desperate to pay your bills.
When the blessing comes, when the supernatural overflow comes, do not become complacent with what I've given you and go, 'Well, I don't have to seek Him anymore because I have surplus in my bank account.
'" Well, you know, "God, thank you.
Bye.
" You know, there's a lot of people whenever times are good, you kind of disappear from the action, don't they, hun?
Yes.
And then whenever times are bad, then that's the only time that they want to reach out to and pray, or when they want to seek Him is whenever times are bad.
So we have to not, like He's saying, become complacent and well-doing, and continue to seek His face daily, sit at His feet and lay our head on His chest and feel His heartbeat of what He's saying today—staying in sync, like what He's told me numerous times: stay in sync with Me.
So staying in sync with Him and staying in step with Him daily, because most people only come to prayer when they need something.
And the army of God shouldn't look defeated, where your armor is all tarnished.
You're going in there and you're going, "I'm on my last leg, but I'm coming to prayer.
" And you may have the elderly people with the gray hair, and they come in there and they're the people who are—you know, you don't have the young people until they've had a bad diagnosis, they need a bill paid, or they're seeking God because they're desperate.
And that's what He told me.
He said, "Remember these times when you're believing Me for something to sell on eBay, that whenever you get the surplus of what I'm talking about—the remnant, the surplus comes in your bank account and that desperation is not there—don't camp there.
Don't camp there.
Don't camp at the blessing.
Keep going.
Be that taproot that goes straight down.
Whenever there's dryness, you keep going; I'm going to search for water.
It's the stability of the plant.
I'm going down to the depth and I'm going to find it, even whenever you have a surplus and you go, 'Well, I don't have to have all this anymore.
I don't have to seek Him like I used to for my bills.
I don't have to believe like I used to for this.
'" There are some of you multi-millionaires watching this video who can't relate because you already have a surplus.
But when you're in a place of desperation—if I don't have this next $100 to pay my electric bill next week, they're going to cut my power off—if you have a surplus, you probably can't relate to what I'm talking about.
It could even be the salvation of loved ones.
You're desperate; you need your husband, wife, or grandchildren saved.
Then when you get that, you say, 'Well, I'm done.
I don't have to believe anymore.
' No.
That's where the Lord said, 'Do not camp and do not get familiar with the healings that are about to take place, the dead being raised.
' How could I ever become familiar with the dead being raised?
Brandon, I'm telling you, we've never seen what we're about to see.
For no eye has seen, nor ear heard, nor entered into the heart of man what God has in store for those who fear Him and love Him.
What God has prepared for you, ladies—Don't become the lepers—and gentlemen, in these days ahead is exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
The Spirit of the Lord told me tonight, 'Do not become complacent with what I'm about to do and the blessing that is about to come on you as you see your victory.
' As you see your victory, I heard this right then: 'Don't become the lepers.
' There were ten that got healed; one came back and nine left.
Nine lepers didn't give Jesus the praise for the miracle they received.
Don't be like them.
Don't become complacent when you get your breakthrough and God shows up and shows off in your life and you say, 'Well, I got it.
Thank you, Lord.
Hallelujah.
' Give a couple of Holy Ghost shakes and a 'woohoo,' then bye—'I'm going to the beach.
' Don't be the nine.
Be the one.
Just like He leaves the ninety-nine to go after the one, be the one who always gives God praise regardless of the surplus in your bank account or what happens in your life.
Don't be the nine and say, 'I'm complacent.
I don't have to press in as hard as I used to.
' Because the Lord told me, 'Brandon, there's great opportunity in the days ahead, but many of my people will become complacent with the miracles that you're about to see.
You will take it for granted just like you do everything else.
' We all do.
You got that raise a year ago, and at the time it was everything you could ask or think because it made everything so much easier.
But you grew to eat that up; your tent enlarged, and now that extra blessing is no longer a miracle; it's expected.
You've become accustomed to it and feel entitled to it.
How much more is God about to do for you?
I saw green grass, daisies, and a fresh stream of water.
I saw the blue sky and the black coming up above.
The Lord told me, 'I'm giving you a window.
Take authority over the economy and over what's going on right now and get your window.
' If you don't, the enemy is pushing forth the end times.
He would love to see everything fall very quickly.
I told you in the last video, I wondered, 'Why are we delaying the inevitable?
Why are we delaying the inevitable?
' I felt like that because I get tired.
I thought, 'Why don't we just let it happen?
Why are we delaying the inevitable?
' And the Holy Spirit rebuked me: 'Brandon, I never gave you the armor to retreat.
Stop being a baby.
Yes, this stuff's coming, but I want you to go victorious.
' He never designed us to be wimps.
That's why we fight, take dominion, and take our authority.
It's not about throwing up your hands and saying, 'Well, I'll take my armor off, I don't care anymore, God.
' There are some days I'm just like, 'Why do we even care?
Why not just let it come?
' But the Lord said, 'Brandon, you fight the good fight of faith.
' It's a fixed fight because we already won.
People ask me where the economy is at and what's going on.
I'm believing for a window.
I don't believe the crash is supposed to happen yet.
We see it starting to happen, then it goes back up.
Do not invest or divest based on any prophetic word.
You need to hear God for yourself.
You might say, 'I got out of the stock market because you said a major crash was coming,' but I told you a window of opportunity was coming.
And you are impatient with the zigs and zags, the ups and downs.
I never said to do anything.
I told you to hear the voice of the Lord for yourself.
If you're not hearing Him, get off your iPhone for a couple of days, stop looking at Facebook or Instagram, and read your Bible and pray in tongues or fast.
Seek Him, and He will tell you what to do with your finances.
Brandon is not a financial adviser.
My gift is a watchman gift.
I look out on the horizon telling you things to pray about.
I have to listen for myself.
I ask Diana, 'What do you feel?
When's the timing of this?
' Because if you go too early or too late, you lose money.
You have to be right on time.
I don't want to be on the roller coaster.
I want to be in sync with the Lord.
Some people get mad and say, 'It's too scary for me.
' Yes, it is.
When people lost trillions of dollars recently, if they had cashed out right then, they'd be bankrupt.
But then a couple days later, it shot up, and they got their money back.
It's all about staying in sync with Him.
Now, I believe there will be a day when this thing goes to a 1929-style crash.
When does that happen?
When is the window?
That's what you have to ask yourself.
How long is the window?
Is Brandon hearing right?
Do I feel there's a window?
Because I could be totally off.
I could totally be off.
I'm just telling you what I feel.
This is all my opinion.
What I feel the Holy Spirit has said.
So you have to hear the voice of the Lord for yourself.
Is there a window, Lord?
Is Brandon hearing that right?
Cuz if it isn't and there's a 1930 style crash tomorrow, then you can say, "Well, he was off and we lost everything.
" No.
Follow the voice of God for yourself.
I'm just here for helping you pray through things and see what the Lord says.
I'm curious about what you feel.
Comment down below.
Do you feel that there's a crash coming?
Type one if you think the sky is falling and everything's going to crash.
There's no hope.
1930s is coming tomorrow within the next year.
Whatever.
Type two.
If you say the thing's going to go all up and there's never going to be a crash, America's going to be great again, we're never going to see anything, and the end times is just way off in the distant future.
I mean, way off in the far future, far away.
We got the tribulation's probably another 30 years from now, brother.
Or type three.
If you think we have a window, I'm curious of where y'all are.
I really am.
Please, if you're listening to this and you have a means to say this, please tell me where you are right now.
One, two, or three.
Which one are you?
I think it's interesting because I'm really curious.
Where is everybody at?
Do we have a window or is this thing going to never end?
Trump's going to make everything great again.
It's never going to be bad ever again.
Just curious.
All right.
People say, "Where do you have, Brandon, that you believe we can?
" Prayer changes things.
King Hezekiah, it's beautiful.
Elijah came in and said, "You're going to die.
You're done.
" He walks out of the room.
King Hezekiah repented of all the stupid that he had done.
On the way out the door of the courtyard, the Lord spoke to him and said, "Go back and tell him he has 15 years.
" Within seconds of change and repentance of a heart, the heart reflected repentance and change.
And he said, "Go tell him he has 15 years.
" Look how much more we have in a new covenant that we can pray and ask.
Abraham, another prayer example for all the people who say, "Well, prayer doesn't change things.
" Abraham said, "If there be 50 righteous, Lord, would you spare Sodom and Gomorrah?
" God was willing to do it for 50.
He went all the way down, kept going back and forth because Abraham was like, "You know, I probably should push this number a little bit more.
" There was a negotiation there.
How much more Abraham was able to negotiate and pray in behalf of Sodom and Gomorrah.
And they were bad.
And God was willing to do it and said, "Yes.
" But there was a prayer of negotiation there.
There was a communion, a friendship.
We can pray to change things.
God, how big is the window for America?
How much more if we humble ourselves and pray and turn from our wicked ways, Lord, as a remnant, will you give us a window of opportunity for wealth transfer to get the righteous in?
He said, "Brandon, because the prayers of the saints in October, I'm giving you a window.
" That's intercession, folks.
That's like Abraham.
The judgment's still coming.
The crash is still coming.
But I'm giving you a window because you prayed like Abraham prayed, like King Hezekiah prayed.
I'm giving you a window of opportunity is what he told me.
What are we going to do with the window is what he said.
What are you going to do with the window?
What are you going to do with this extra time I've given you?
You do what you want to do with it.
I know what I'm going to do.
I'm going to seek and I'm going to make my taproot go as far down deep into that living water.
I'm not going to let myself go dry.
I'm going to live and flourish.
I'm going to flourish.
I'm going to plant myself next to that living river of water.
All right.
So, we're going to go right to prayer.
I have the prayer already pre-recorded from this.
So, go into this prayer.
It's anointed.
I'm telling you, I saw things in the spirit of what's coming for Canada and China, a window of opportunity.
What you're about to hear is from two or three days ago because I didn't feel peace about releasing that video.
So, you're about to hear the prayer that came out of that video right now.
Enjoy.
Communion.
Let's take communion together.
My favorite part, the whole thing about doing this is my excitement to do communion with y'all.
And let's do communion and thank him for what he's about to do in this earth and that we're on the right side of it.
That our houses are ready and we're listening to him.
That we're an army for the mighty living God.
God is a God that is alive and he is living on the inside of you and me.
And when we move, he moves.
When we go, he goes.
He's waiting on us to take the gospel throughout the world.
He's waiting on you.
God is depending on you, ladies and gentlemen, to just say yes.
And who will say yes to him?
Who will be on the Lord's side today with him?
And say yes, Lord.
Send me into the world and I will change the nations for you, through you, with you.
Us together.
You're the potter.
I'm the clay.
Mold me.
But I want to deflect it to him.
It's all about him.
That's where I'm at.
It's about you.
Less of me.
None of me.
All of you.
Father.
I thank you, Lord, for your body.
I thank you, Lord, that you were wounded for us.
You were bruised for us.
You took it all for us.
Wounded for our transgression.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you.
And with your stripes, we're healed.
And we take this body right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that by your stripes, we're healed.
And we will not have to suffer with sickness and disease, infirmity anymore because you paid the price for us to walk in victory.
And we take this body right now in Jesus' name.
Now Lord, we plead the blood and we apply the blood.
We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
And we thank you, Lord, for the blood of Jesus Christ.
We thank you, Lord, for the anointing of the Holy Ghost that sets us free.
And we plead the blood over our minds.
We plead the blood over our bodies.
We thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against us will prosper.
And every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
You will not bear fruit on us.
And we thank you, Lord, in Jesus' name for the blood.
Thank you, Lord.
I'm so grateful.
I'm so grateful, Father.
I'm so grateful, Father, for all that you've done.
I'm so grateful, Father, for all that you've done for me.
We stand at the door, Father, and we're knocking.
Send us, Lord.
That's very interesting.
I just saw a vision of a major castle door, and it was designed with all kinds of detail in this stone.
And there was lights at the top of it that were carved out of the stone.
And it was in this.
And I saw a drawbridge across it.
And we were knocking on a major castle door, but it was like it was platinum.
And it was beautiful what I just saw when I was just taking communion.
Had all kinds of beautiful writing in this door.
It was beautiful and it was a castle.
Thank you, Father.
I stand at the door and I knock.
We knock.
We stand at the door and we knock, Lord.
Will you let us in?
Oh, Lord.
We come boldly to your throne, Lord.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're standing at the door and you're knocking on my heart right now and you say, "Will you let me in?
" Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
Will you come in, Lord?
I thank you, Lord, for the door is opening unto us.
A new way of thinking, a new way of doing things, a new way of coming up higher with the fire.
Glory to God.
We worship You, O Holy One.
We worship You, for the Lord is good and His mercy endures forever.
First the blade, then the ear, then the full manifestation of the glory upon the land today.
There will be a great glory flow.
It will come to the ankles, to the knees, to the waist-deep, and it will go all the way over your head.
For the glory of the Lord will come in stages.
I see it like water coming in like a flow that's deeper.
As it comes like a mighty wave, a mighty rushing wind, it will go up higher and higher like the tide.
As you seek Him, you'll find Him.
As you knock, the door will be open unto you.
For the castle is Me, and if you knock, I will open the door unto you.
You seek Me and you will find Me.
China—that's interesting.
I just saw a stone dragon.
The dragon represents the Chinese.
I saw it over China.
But as you see the economy crumble for China, there is a pride that has set in.
You will see the Iron Curtain being pulled back because of lack.
And in this, a mighty rushing wind will come into the economy.
You will see things come out of pride.
Xi Jinping, this man, is full of pride.
And as the pride sets in with the theaters of war, it is My hand that will move.
I see a depression over China.
A depression causes the Iron Curtain to be lifted.
For in this, a mighty wave comes through.
It’s an open door.
An uprising will take place in the days ahead, even in Canada, because of the economy and the government.
You’ll see people that are fed up with the decisions that have been made.
It will be obvious.
An uprising, a demanding of change in the circumstances; people like lynch mobs with pitchforks and torches, demanding change.
Remember what I told you about the sooners.
South Korea and Japan are the sooners.
And you'll see British Columbia, the sooners, as things crumble and change around them, they will try to break off.
I see a highway going through there, all the way up to Alaska, all red.
I see the people crying all across the land, but they're not crying tears of sorrow; they're crying tears of repentance, crying out to the Lord.
For there's a great humbling coming, all the way from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
The righteous will rise up.
He's given us a window of time.
Many of you are not ready.
You’ll see in the days ahead great birthing pains.
For the very earth itself will start to shake.
Contractions will be happening in the earth.
Great earthquakes.
As relief points, volcanoes will go as exit points for what's happening in the earth's crust.
I see contractions; remember these contractions.
Look, I see Alaska.
And a great earthquake in Seattle, all the way up to British Columbia.
They try to manipulate coastal cities clear into Russia.
The very thing they are trying to manipulate will be their demise.
You'll see an uprising in China, in Asia, and in Australia.
I see an uprising in Queensland.
Little fires in Queensland, Australia.
China's getting desperate out of pride.
There is a focus on the upper portion towards Russia.
Now I'm seeing Rome and Italy.
You'll see a great shaking in Italy and in the Roman Catholic Church.
This will be the beginning of a new era.
A new shaking I'm bringing to the Catholic Church; a revival breaking out through the young people.
The young people, I see the young coming up.
Glory of the Lord coming up in the Catholic Church; I see it all in the Catholic Church: a fresh fire in the youth.
The youth are breaking away from old traditions, bringing in new things.
The glory is taking out all of it.
This is like a well that is all stopped up; this is a well that I would say never had water in it.
Never.
But the Lord is going to bring cistern water, and the youth are going to drink from this.
You're going to see this in the days ahead.
A great shaking will take place in the Catholic Church; that's what we're seeing as of this last week.
It's the beginning.
Many more will go home.
I call them, and they're going by the graveside, a cleaning of the house.
It is almost like you see a purging come forth in the Catholic Church.
His heart is the harvest.
There are a lot of people going home.
For the priests, older priests—it is a cleansing of the house and a new generation: a new way of thinking, not liberal.
A stirring up of the youth.
Many people say, 'Where is the promise of Thy coming?
' But you will see one last call: one last harvest of souls, one last major move of My Spirit upon the land.
For I am in control of time; I am in control of that which you see.
He has one last call, that not one should perish but all come to repentance.
His heart is the harvest, and in the Catholic Church, His heart is the harvest.
The young generation is crying out for the river, for the manifestations of the glory.
They don't even know what they're crying out for; they're searching.
He's cleaning out the debris out of the well.
There's a great well.
And in this well, it's been sealing it off.
No one's getting out of that well.
But the Lord said, 'I'm going to break that well open, and there's going to come a mighty rushing water out of that well.
' You're going to see it, and it will come to pass at last.
A great, mighty move of My presence is coming, and a mighty rushing wind in the Catholic Church.
Many will try to put it out.
I see these old men with red suits on; they're like Pharisees.
They're going home like this and like that, for they've been standing in the way of My move today.
Woe unto you that try to hold Me back and won't let Me move through.
They'll be going, but they're not coming up here of Me.
Oh, Braden, he's warned, for a judgment will come.
Now I see in these areas He's been restrained.
He's not allowed to flow in China, and there's going to be an uprising in Canada and these places where they've always said the government is trying to bully.
But you're going to see an uprising with the people in the days ahead.
Out of pride, like Pharaoh hardened his heart, and out of the stiff-neckedness of Pharaoh, he would call down another plague.
But it's ultimately to loosen the curtain so that the people would be able to go.
Out of this, you'll see a liberation come.
I see a window, like when you pull a curtain back and you're able to look through it for a little bit.
That window was open for a season; you could walk through it.
It was like being pulled back just for a window of time to do what needed to be done.
Like when you open a crack—that's all the Lord needs.
And in that crack, watch what God's about to do.
Remember that things are going to look totally different.
Even by this time next year, you'll start to see things, and the way things are on this earth right now is going to look so much different in 12 months.
It's going to change so quickly.
Great change is upon us: change in churches, change in nations, change in the way we do things.
I hear the Holy Ghost say there's a great metamorphosis upon us today.
I see Satan over here, but God's above him laughing.
He sits in the throne room and laughs at the devil and his plans.
I see the Lord high and lifted up, and He's laughing at the devil.
He has His wings spread out.
He looks like the Led Zeppelin devil—that angel on the cover falling, like that Lucifer thing.
And the devil is spread out over the world, and God is up above him laughing.
It's all about the window.
So many people are like, 'Oh, this has to happen with this,' just like I told you about the Braxton Hicks into the spring.
It's not time yet.
The forecast is off.
We have a window; we have much to do in this window.
I told you these would be days of fun.
Days of fun have just begun in this window.
Braxton Hicks, you see great change, my glory.
Get prepared for what's coming; get your house in order.
Focus on today, but stop thinking that the sky is falling.
This is a time of fun and it's just begun.
I'm seeing over into years right now—2025.
This is a time of fun, things have just begun.
A transfer has begun.
The foundations of the transfer have begun.
Things have begun.
Do you see a changing of the tide because of the prayers?
Because we put Trump in, there is a changing of the tide.
In 2025, you'll thrive.
It's time to change this.
We have control.
And He is laughing; the devil's over there, but the Lord is up here, and the Lord's just laughing.
Glory to God.
Thank you, Lord, for the Holy Ghost.
If it wasn't for Trump getting into where he is right now, the wealth transfer never would have happened the way the Lord wanted it to be.
The Democrats would have tried to stop this, but He moves through men.
Remember this.
You'll be very grateful in the days ahead for the things that will manifest for you and me.
Those who are listening will be very grateful in the days ahead.
Great shakeouts are happening right now, but you better be ready.
Braden, I see it.
God has a plan and it's much bigger than what you all realize.
When the children of Israel left Egypt, they left with the gold and the silver.
Remember that; there was no feeble one among them.
The glory of the Lord is coming on His bride, and there will be no feeble ones among us.
Remember this: I've seen that there will be church services where no sick people will be in there.
All will be healed.
And you'll say, 'How is that possible?
' Watch what God is about to do, ladies and gentlemen, in these last days.
You will see it.
So, who are you talking to?
Who's your audience right now?
I'm talking to the church.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord, for all that You're doing and all that You're going to do in these last days.
And thank you, Lord, that I get to be a part of it.
He chose us for such a time as this, ladies and gentlemen.
Well, if you're here for the very first time, we appreciate you being here.
If you're still watching, I know that's different for a lot of you who don't know anything about it, but that's all right.
Just keep sticking around and we'll show you the way.
Subscribe if you haven't subscribed.
Click the notification bell, like the video, comment something down below, and we will see you again soon.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all, and we will see you again soon.
Bye-bye.